capital = 1001

oob = "SUS_2020"

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.8
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	automatization_overall = 1
	automatization_overall_dummy = 1
	obsolete_main_battle_tank = 1
	outdated_main_battle_tank = 1
	support_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_equipment = 1
	infantry_equipment_2 = 1
	infantry_weapons_1 = 1
	outdated_armoured_personnel_carrier = 1
	outdated_infantry_fighting_vehicle = 1
	obsolete_armored_car = 1
	obsolete_armored_car = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	ww2_fighter = 1
	cas_1 = 1
	fighter_1 = 1
	tactical_1 = 1
	ww2_bomber = 1
	bomber_1 = 1
	jet_engines = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	light_anti_air = 1
	anti_tank_weapon1 = 1
	night_vision1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_special_forces = 1
	marines = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	urban_special_forces = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_uav = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_uav_company = 1
	tech_transport_helicopters_company = 1
	tech_assault_helicopters_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	outdated_anti_air = 1
	outdated_anti_air_gun = 1
	outdated_anti_air_radar = 1
	obsolete_howitzer = 1
	outdated_howitzer = 1
	outdated_howitzer_gun = 1
	outdated_howitzer_radar = 1
	outdated_anti_tank = 1
	outdated_anti_tank_gun = 1
	outdated_anti_tank_radar = 1
	outdated_mlrs = 1
	outdated_mlrs_gun = 1
	outdated_mlrs_radar = 1
	helicopter_engines = 1
	prototype_helicopter = 1
	tech_transport_helicopters = 1
	tech_assault_helicopters = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	atomic_research = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
starting_train_buffer = 200
set_convoys = 50

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = left_authoritarianism
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	national_bolshevism  = 2
	neocameralism = 10
	hegemonism = 10
	right_populism = 5
	commendationism = 15
	socialism = 25
	left_authoritarianism = 25
	ur_fascism = 1
	regressionism = 5
	millenarism = 2
}

add_ideas = {
	lhl_economy_civil_war_economy
	lhl_development_modern_nation 
	lhl_regime_personalist_rule
}

##CHARACTERS##
#leaders#
recruit_character = SUS_aubrey_david_nicholas_jasper_de_grey
recruit_character = SUS_henry_ix
recruit_character = SUS_emma_watson
recruit_character = SUS_sean_matgamna
recruit_character = SUS_jeremy_corbin
recruit_character = SUS_richard_dearlove
recruit_character = SUS_paul_joseph_watson
recruit_character = SUS_meghan_duchess_of_sussex
recruit_character = SUS_amelia_womack
recruit_character = SUS_michael_george_r_tolkien
recruit_character = SUS_paul_weston
#generals#
recruit_character = SUS_michael_walker_baron_of_aldringham
recruit_character = SUS_richard_barrons
recruit_character = SUS_mark_poffley
recruit_character = SUS_james_everard
recruit_character = SUS_james_bucknall
recruit_character = SUS_rupert_jones
recruit_character = SUS_craig_lawrence
recruit_character = SUS_david_leakey
recruit_character = SUS_david_shaw
recruit_character = SUS_matthew_holmes
recruit_character = SUS_john_lorime
recruit_character = SUS_edward_smythosbourne
recruit_character = SUS_tim_spicer
recruit_character = SUS_mark_thatcher
recruit_character = SUS_jack_mann
recruit_character = SUS_simon_mann
#advisers#
recruit_character = SUS_sushanta_kumar_bhattacharyya
recruit_character = SUS_fergus_drake
recruit_character = SUS_richard_tomlinson
recruit_character = SUS_richard_branson
recruit_character = SUS_richard_burgon
recruit_character = SUS_piers_corbyn
recruit_character = SUS_katy_clark
recruit_character = SUS_john_prescott
recruit_character = SUS_owen_jone
recruit_character = SUS_john_mcdonnell
recruit_character = SUS_dennis_skinner
recruit_character = SUS_diane_abbott
recruit_character = SUS_emily_thornberry
recruit_character = SUS_jon_trickett
recruit_character = SUS_stephen_pound
recruit_character = SUS_cat_smith
recruit_character = SUS_kelvin_hopkins
recruit_character = SUS_naz_shah
recruit_character = SUS_lisa_nandy
recruit_character = SUS_ian_murray
recruit_character = SUS_charles_leslie_falconer
recruit_character = SUS_ed_miliband
recruit_character = SUS_ian_davidson
recruit_character = SUS_laura_bates
recruit_character = SUS_jo_fox
recruit_character = SUS_laura_coryton
recruit_character = SUS_frances_ogrady
recruit_character = SUS_wei_yang
recruit_character = SUS_kat_banyard
recruit_character = SUS_tulip_siddiq
recruit_character = SUS_taban_shoresh
recruit_character = SUS_michelle_joyce
recruit_character = SUS_siti_aisyah
recruit_character = SUS_owen_smith
recruit_character = SUS_alan_milburn
recruit_character = SUS_peter_mandelson
recruit_character = SUS_alastair_campbell
recruit_character = SUS_jack_straw
recruit_character = SUS_andrew_adonis
recruit_character = SUS_jim_murphy
recruit_character = SUS_david_miliband
recruit_character = SUS_hilary_benn
recruit_character = SUS_alistair_darling
recruit_character = SUS_keir_starmer
recruit_character = SUS_andrew_gwynne
recruit_character = SUS_david_blunkett
recruit_character = SUS_angela_rayner
recruit_character = SUS_ed_balls

set_variable = {
    var = SUS_coring_cost
    value = 120
}

set_country_flag = {
    flag = ENG_henry_here
	value = 1
}

set_country_flag = {
    flag = ENG_corbyn_here
	value = 1
}

set_variable = { 
	var = sus_spies_guns_var 
	value = 250
}
	
set_variable = { 
	var = sus_party_guns_var 
	value = 250
}
	
set_variable = { 
	var = sus_guards_guns_var 
	value = 250
}
	
set_variable = { 
	var = sus_king_guns_var 
	value = 250
}

set_variable = { 
	var = sus_prestige 
	value = -100
}
